DIAGRAMS-527: Added the namespace isolation diagram to UDN docs (#87694)
openshift/openshift-docs: networking/multiple_networks/primary_networks/about-user-defined-networks.adoc

Before the implementation of user-defined networks (UDNs) in the default the OVN-Kubernetes CNI plugin for {product-title}, the Kubernetes Layer 3 topology was supported as the primary network, or _main_ network, to where all pods attach. The Kubernetes design principle requires that all pods communicate with each other by their IP addresses, and Kubernetes restricts inter-pod traffic according to the Kubernetes network policy. While the Kubernetes design is useful for simple deployments, the Layer 3 topology restricts customization of primary network segment configurations, especially for modern multi-tenant deployments.

UDN improves the flexibility and segmentation capabilities of the default Layer 3 topology for a Kubernetes pod network by enabling isolated-by-default custom Layer 2, Layer 3, and localnet network segments. These segments act as either primary or secondary networks for container pods and virtual machines that use the default OVN-Kubernetes CNI plugin. UDNs enable a wide range of network architectures and topologies, enhancing network flexibility, security, and performance. You can build a UDN by using a Virtual Router Function (VRF).

> The following diagram shows four cluster namespaces, where each namespace has a single assigned UDN, and each UDN has an assigned custom subnet for its pod IP allocations. The OVN-Kubernetes handles any overlapping UDN subnets. Without using the Kubernetes network policy, a pod attached to a UDN can communicate with other pods in that UDN. By default, these pods are isolated from communicating with pods that exist in other UDNs. For microsegmentation, you can apply the Kubernetes network policy within a UDN. You can assign one or more UDNs to a namespace and one or more namespaces to a UDN. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can assign one or more UDNs to a namespace and one or more namespaces to a UDN. 
```
this is tricky FYI we can't have 2 primary UDNs to same namespace etc.. but yea more or less on high level we can have multiple UDNs 1 primary and multiple secondary..

> The following diagram shows four cluster namespaces, where each namespace has a single assigned UDN, and each UDN has an assigned custom subnet for its pod IP allocations. The OVN-Kubernetes handles any overlapping UDN subnets. Without using the Kubernetes network policy, a pod attached to a UDN can communicate with other pods in that UDN. By default, these pods are isolated from communicating with pods that exist in other UDNs. For microsegmentation, you can apply the Kubernetes network policy within a UDN. You can assign one or more UDNs to a namespace and one or more namespaces to a UDN. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, these pods are isolated from communicating with pods that exist in other UDNs. Example pods connected to udn-1 in namespace-1 can't talk to pods connected to udn-2 in namespace-2.
```
nit: try to explain the paragraph with your example diagram
